Add missing word to desc of locales search param (#3088)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/search.mdx

| **[`hybrid`](#hybrid-search-experimental)**             | Object           | `null`        | Return results based on query keywords and meaning  |
| **[`vector`](#vector-experimental)**                    | Array of numbers | `null`        | Search using a custom query vector                  |
| **[`retrieveVectors`](#display-_vectors-in-response-experimental)** | Boolean          | `false`       | Return document vector data                         |

> | **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify language(s) used in a query              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify languages used in a query              |
```

| **[`hybrid`](#hybrid-search-experimental)**             | Object           | `null`        | Return results based on query keywords and meaning  |
| **[`vector`](#vector-experimental)**                    | Array of numbers | `null`        | Search using a custom query vector                  |
| **[`retrieveVectors`](#display-_vectors-in-response-experimental)** | Boolean          | `false`       | Return document vector data                         |

> | **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify language(s) used in a query              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify languages used in a query              |
```

| **[`hybrid`](#hybrid-search-experimental)**             | Object           | `null`        | Return results based on query keywords and meaning  |
| **[`vector`](#vector-experimental)**                    | Array of numbers | `null`        | Search using a custom query vector                  |
| **[`retrieveVectors`](#display-_vectors-in-response-experimental)** | Boolean          | `false`       | Return document vector data                         |

> | **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify language(s) used in a query              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **[`locales`](#query-locales)** | Array of strings          | `null`       | Explicitly specify languages used in a query              |
```
